Add missing meta descriptions (#235)
mongodb/docs-php-library: source/reference/method/MongoDBCollection-getManager.txt

MongoDB\\Collection::getManager()
=================================

.. meta::

>    :description: Access the MongoDB\Driver\Manager used by a collection with the `getManager()` method.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   :description: Access the MongoDB\Driver\Manager used by a collection with the MongoDB PHP Library.
```
